annot: mix milk, ketchup, chopped onion and garlic cloves in a seal bag
ACTID: 0
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] milk (-1), ketchup (-1), chopped onion (-1), garlic cloves (-1)
[PP, location, in] a seal bag (-1)
annot: Marinate the chicken with the mixture
ACTID: 1
PRED: marinate
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (-1)
[PP, food, with] the mixture (0)
annot: season the chicken with some mixed spice
ACTID: 2
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (1)
[PP, food, with] some mixed spice (-1)
annot: mix the remaining spice with a large bowl of flour
ACTID: 3
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] the remaining spice (-1)
[PP, food, with] a large bowl of flour (-1)
annot: Coat the chicken well with the flour mixture in a paper bag
ACTID: 4
PRED: coat
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (2)
[PP, food, with] the flour mixture (3)
[PP, location, in] a paper bag (-1)
annot: beat some eggs
ACTID: 5
PRED: beat
[DOBJ, food] some eggs (-1)
annot: whisk them well
ACTID: 6
PRED: whisk
[DOBJ, food] them (5)
annot: Add some water, ketchup and garlic powder while whisking
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some water (-1), ketchup (-1), garlic powder (-1)
[PP, food, ] (6)
annot: Coat the chicken with the liquid
ACTID: 8
PRED: coat
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (4)
[PP, food, with] the liquid (7)
annot: coat it with the flour again
ACTID: 9
PRED: coat
[DOBJ, food] it (8)
[PP, food, with] the flour (4)
annot: Fry the chicken in deep oil
ACTID: 10
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (9)
[PP, food, in] deep oil (-1)
annot: serve
ACTID: 11
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] (10)